add forbidden regex (#377)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/variable_naming_convention.md

# Variable Naming Convention

> All variables should be named according to the regular expression provided.
> Except if it matches with a defined `forbidden_regex`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All variables should be named according to the provided regular expression,
except if they match with a defined `forbidden_regex`.
```
